clarify that there are two different auto-merge approaches (#17773)
github/docs: content/code-security/dependabot/working-with-dependabot/automating-dependabot-with-github-actions.md

### Enable auto-merge on a pull request

If you want to allow maintainers to mark certain pull requests for auto-merge, you can use {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %}'s auto-merge functionality. This enables the pull request to be merged when all required tests and approvals are successfully met. For more information on auto-merge, see "[Automatically merging a pull request](/pull-requests/collaborating-with-pull-requests/incorporating-changes-from-a-pull-request/automatically-merging-a-pull-request)."

> You can instead use github actions and the github CLI. Here is an example that auto merges all patch updates to `my-dependency`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can instead use {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} and the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} CLI. Here is an example that auto merges all patch updates to `my-dependency`:
```

> You can instead use {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} and the {% data variables.product.prodname_dotcom %} CLI. Here is an example that auto merges all patch updates to `my-dependency`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can instead use {% data variables.product.prodname_actions %} and the {% data variables.product.prodname_cli %}. Here is an example that auto merges all patch updates to `my-dependency`:
```
